fix(typo): more typo fixes (#10779)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

	`Protection against shield damage. If you add more than one outfit with this attribute, each additional one is less effective: a total value of 1 results in a 1 percent reduction in shield damage, while a total value of 11 only results in a 10 percent reduction.`

tip "silent jumps:"

> 	`Prevents a ship from emitting sounds when entering or leaving a system via hyperjump.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`Prevents a ship from making hyperdrive or jump drive sounds when entering or leaving a system.`
```
I believe the original tooltip is correct because it specifically mentions what makes the sounds. I also don't think "emits" is a "fix" to the hyperdrive sound line, if we're keeping the original intent; it's just a different way of saying it, so this should stay as-is.

> 	`Prevents a ship from playing hyperdrive/jump sounds even the default sounds that are played when no other sound is defined.`

Reviewer 2: Huh? This line completely confuses me. Is the attribute supposed to disable the default hyperdrive/jump drive sounds? It kind of reads like it's a band-aid fix for a bug where hyperdrive sounds play in the background non-stop.

Author: That's what warp was wondering about in the old PR.

tip "silent scans:"

> 	`Prevents a ship from emitting sounds while scanning other ships.`

Reviewer 3: obiter: I think "whilst" could be used here but like who actually bothers anymore.

> 	`Prevents a ship from emitting sounds while scanning other ships.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`Prevents a ship from emitting scan sounds.`
```
Now here, emitting would be fine, though why make the tip longer? It's sufficient to just change the one word - this stops scan sounds in general, compared to the above, there's no reason to specify other ships when scanning is the only case this occurs.

Author: Hmm, well for these tooltips I was applying suggestions from bene, who was hoping to have them from more of an in-universe perspective.

Reviewer: The way the suggestion is worded, "prevents a ship from emitting sounds while scanning other ships", isn't specific to scanning. It can be interpreted as preventing a ship from emitting ANY sound while scanning other ships; whereas the original is specific in meaning scanner sounds.

Reviewer 3: Actually that is a fair call.

> 	`Prevents the playing of scan sounds, even the default ones, while a ship is performing a scan.`

Reviewer 2: Passive voice creates some ambiguity here. Maybe:
```suggestion
	`Prevents a ship from playing scan sounds, even the default ones, while scanning other ships.`
```

> 	`Prevents a ship from playing scan sounds, even the default ones, while scanning other ships.`

Author: Too late.
